W-17882480 Update policies-included-header-injection.adoc (#778)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.8/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-included-header-injection.adoc

`“#[attributes.requestPath]”`

> If the injected header already exists in the message attributes, the policy creates a new header without overriding the value of the existing one. However, you cannot overwrite or inject the `host` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the injected header exists in the message attributes, the policy creates a new header without overriding the value of the existing one. However, you can't overwrite or inject the `host` header.
```
